docs/config.md, before:

# Configuration

Note: Many default settings assume you are using a [nerd font](https://www.nerdfonts.com).

## Prompt structure

`$env.SYRUP_PROMPT.prompt` contains the structure of your prompt.

The first level is a list of lines.

The second level is a list of elements.

The third level are the actual elements.

```nu
$env.SYRUP_PROMPT.prompt = [
  []  # empty line
  [
    'Hi'  # a element
  ]
]
$env.PROMPT_INDICATOR = '> '

# this would result in:
"\nHi> "
```

It is intended that you use `$env.PROMPT_INDICATOR*` for the actual indicator, since
it is impossible to get information about the `vi` mode.

### Element types:

* Raw text (just put a string `"foo"`)
  * mainly intended for separators
  * can also be used for non-changing things like `(hostname)` to save on resources.
  * examples: `"> "`, `$"(hostname | str trim)"`
* Builtin [module][modules]
  * formatted as a list:
    1. the module name (example: `pwd`)
    2. (optional) module configuration (a record; fields depend on the module)
    3. (optional) [modifiers][] (a record) (add behaviour, override things, etc)
  * example: `["pwd" {home: true}]`
  * You can register extra ones by adding them to `$env.SYRUP_PROMPT_MODULES`. to avoid name-collisions with future official or 3rd party ones a prefix like `_yourName_moduleName` might make sense.
* Inline module (closure)
  * you can do whatever you want here - no interference at all.
  * example: `{|| $env.CMD_DURATION_MS}`

## Progressive rendering

You can enable it via the `async` [modifier][modifiers].

## Further Reading

* [modules][]
* [modifiers][]

[modules]: ./modules/index.md
[modifiers]: ./modifiers.md

Commit message:

feat: add right-side prompt

docs/config.md, after:

# Configuration

Note: Many default settings assume you are using a [nerd font](https://www.nerdfonts.com).

## Prompt structure

`$env.SYRUP_PROMPT.prompt` contains the structure of your prompt:
* The first level is a list of lines.
* The second level is a list of elements.
* The third level are the actual elements.

`$env.SYRUP_PROMPT.right_prompt` can only have one line and thus misses the first level.

```nu
$env.SYRUP_PROMPT.prompt = [
  []  # empty line
  [
    'Hi'  # a element
  ]
]
$env.SYRUP_PROMPT.right_prompt = [
  "Hi"  # element
]
$env.PROMPT_INDICATOR = '> '

# this would result in:
"\nHi> "
```

It is intended that you use `$env.PROMPT_INDICATOR*` for the actual indicator, since
it is impossible to get information about the `vi` mode.

### Element types:

* Raw text (just put a string `"foo"`)
  * mainly intended for separators
  * can also be used for non-changing things like `(hostname)` to save on resources.
  * examples: `"> "`, `$"(hostname | str trim)"`
* Builtin [module][modules]
  * formatted as a list:
    1. the module name (example: `pwd`)
    2. (optional) module configuration (a record; fields depend on the module)
    3. (optional) [modifiers][] (a record) (add behaviour, override things, etc)
  * example: `["pwd" {home: true}]`
  * You can register extra ones by adding them to `$env.SYRUP_PROMPT_MODULES`. to avoid name-collisions with future official or 3rd party ones a prefix like `_yourName_moduleName` might make sense.
* Inline module (closure)
  * you can do whatever you want here - no interference at all.
  * example: `{|| $env.CMD_DURATION_MS}`

## Progressive rendering

You can enable it via the `async` [modifier][modifiers].

## Further Reading

* [modules][]
* [modifiers][]

[modules]: ./modules/index.md
[modifiers]: ./modifiers.md
